Something Fun with Clojure-Script
================================

This repo has the results of our group dojo hack-around as part of the uSwitch Clojure Dojo held on 11/01/2016.

The project is based on a lein template provided by @jarohen. The base project can be regenerated by running `lein new bounce-webapp [your-project-name]`

## Usage

To start the project running simply run the following:

        lein run dev

This will download the project dependencies, start a repl server on port `7888` and a figwheel server on `localhost:3449`. The server can be reached on `localhost:3000`.

You can connect to the running repl by running `lein repl ::connect 7888` from the terminal.

Reload everything in the project by running `(bounce.core/reload!)` from the repl. From here you can connect to a clojure-script repl by running `(bounce.figwheel/cljs-repl (bounce.core/ask :cljs-compiler))` from the repl.

Once connected to the clojure-script repl you can run code and see the impact in the browser. Examples are as follows:

* `(swap! (bounce.core/ask :!app) update :my-counter inc)` -> Increment the `:my-counter` value
* `(set! (.-backgroundColor js/document.body.style) "green")` -> Change the page background to `:green`

## Components

There are three components on display as part of this wonderful feat of engineering.

* Button counter -> simple button to increment a counter on the page.
* Basic palindrome checker -> Check if the input string is a valid palindrome. Update a result string text & colour based on the result (true/false)
* Rest thingy -> Send a value to the server and then render the response on the page.
